if the ceasefire works so that really
there is quiet and Hamas is not able to
rearm themselves and something is put in
place so that they are demilitarized
then I think it's a good thing I think
everybody is tired and needs a rest and
needs to get back to a normal life I'm a
little bit skeptical as to whether it's
really going to hold and whether Hamas
will follow through this time as we know
they've broken their ceasefire time and
time again I think we've seen it before
um I don't think really solves anything
the whole Mi didn't solve anything we're
back where exactly where we were before
uh it's my opinion as long as they don't
want peace we're not going to have peace
uh they have great opportunities to have
economic growth and have peace and grow
they just don't want to do it so as long
as they don't want to do it we're not
going to have
peace I'm not really sure it will be I
think we'd have to go in and physically
remove the Rockets the missiles and the
launching infrastructure it's the only
way I could see it being quiet anytime
soon